add example comments outlining a way to authenticate private repos (#58)
infracost/infracost-azure-devops: README.md

          - bash: |
              branch=$(System.PullRequest.TargetBranch)
              branch=${branch#refs/heads/}

>               # uncomment the --config section if using a private git repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              # Try adding the following to git clone if you're having issues cloning a private repo: --config http.extraheader="AUTHORIZATION: bearer $(System.AccessToken)"
```

>               git clone $(Build.Repository.Uri) --branch=${branch} --single-branch /tmp/base  # --config http.extraheader="AUTHORIZATION: bearer $(System.AccessToken)"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              git clone $(Build.Repository.Uri) --branch=${branch} --single-branch /tmp/base
```
